feat/new product overview pages (#646)
hirosystems/docs: docs/token-metadata-api/index.mdx

---
# The default id is the same as the one defined below. so not needed
title: Token Metadata API Overview
sidebar_label: Overview
custom_edit_url: null
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<p class="p-3 rounded-lg bg-neutral-100 text-neutral-500 dark:bg-neutral-800 dark:text-neutral-400">Fetch data for any fungible, non-fungible, and semi-fungible token on Stacks.</p>

<div class="mb-10"></div>

> The Token Metadata API is a service that offers a REST API, so you can easily pull any data you need for any token on Stacks that follows SIP standards. Every token, one request away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Token Metadata API is a service that offers a REST API, so you can easily pull any data you need for any token on Stacks that follows SIP standards. Every token, one request away.

<div class="flex justify-end my-8">
  <a href="/metadata" class="p-3">
    View API Reference <span class="ml-1">→</span>
  </a>
</div>
```

### Popular Endpoints

<div class="subSections my-8">
  <a href="/metadata/fungible-token-metadata">
    <div class="subSectionTitle"><h3>Get data on fungible tokens</h3><span>→</span></div>

>     <p>Retrieve all metadata related to fungible tokens.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Retrieve metadata related to fungible tokens.</p>
```

  </a>
  <a href="/metadata/non-fungible-token-metadata">
    <div class="subSectionTitle"><h3>Get data on NFTs</h3><span>→</span></div>
    <p>Fetch metadata related to NFTs on Stacks.</p>
  </a>
</div>

<div class="subSections my-8 w-[50%]">
  <a href="/metadata/semi-fungible-token-metadata">
    <div class="subSectionTitle"><h3>Get data on semi-fungible tokens</h3><span>→</span></div>
    <p>Retrieve metadata for semi-fungible tokens.</p>
  </a>
</div>

> <div class="flex justify-end my-8">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   <a href="/metadata" class="p-3">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     View API Reference <span class="ml-1">→</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   </a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Related Tools

**[Hiro Archive](../hiro-archive/index.mdx)**: Bootstrap your own instance of the Token Metadata API with the Hiro Archive and save days of setup time.

**[Stacks Blockchain API](../stacks-blockchain-api/index.mdx)**: Fetch on-chain data from the Stacks blockchain.

**[Stacks Explorer](https://explorer.hiro.so)**: Looking for a simpler way to verify token data on the Stacks blockchain? Try the Stacks Explorer.

**[Ordinals API](../ordinals-api/index.mdx)**: Get data for Bitcoin ordinals and BRC-20 tokens.

---

> Need help building with the Token Metadata API? Reach out to us on the `#api` channel on Discord under Hiro Developer Tools section. We also host a weekly office hours on Discord every Monday at 11am ET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help building with the Token Metadata API? Reach out to us on the `#api` channel on Discord under the [Hiro Developer Tools section](https://stacks.chat/). There’s also a [weekly office hours](https://events.stacks.co/event/HD16484710) on Discord every Thursday at 11am ET.
```
